README.md, before:

# aurelia-logging

This library is part of the [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/) platform and contains a minimal but effective logging mechanism with support for log levels and pluggable log appenders.

> To keep up to date on [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/), please visit and subscribe to [the official blog](http://blog.durandal.io/). If you have questions, we invite you to join us on [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge).

## Dependencies

This library has **NO** external dependencies.

## Used By

* [aurelia-framework](https://github.com/aurelia/framework)
* [aurelia-templating](https://github.com/aurelia/templating)
* [aurelia-templating-binding](https://github.com/aurelia/templating-binding)
* [aurelia-templating-resources](https://github.com/aurelia/templating-resources)
* [aurelia-dependency-injection](https://github.com/aurelia/dependency-injection)

## Platform Support

This library can be used in the **browser** as well as on the **server**.

## Building The Code

To build the code, follow these steps.

1. Ensure that [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/) is installed. This provides the platform on which the build tooling runs.
2. From the project folder, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install
  ```
3. Ensure that [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g gulp
  ```
4. To build the code, you can now run:

  ```shell
  gulp build
  ```
5. You will find the compiled code in the `dist` folder, available in three module formats: AMD, CommonJS and ES6.

6. See `gulpfile.js` for other tasks related to generating the docs and linting.

## Running The Tests

To run the unit tests, first ensure that you have followed the steps above in order to install all dependencies and successfully build the library. Once you have done that, proceed with these additional steps:

1. Ensure that the [Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/) CLI is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g karma-cli
  ```
2. Ensure that [jspm](http://jspm.io/) is installed. If you need to install it, use the following commnand:

  ```shell
  npm install -g jspm
  ```
3. Download the [SystemJS](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs) module loader:

  ```shell
  jspm dl-loader
  ```

4. You can now run the tests with this command:

  ```shell
  karma start
  ```

Commit message:

chore(all): update compilation process and readme

README.md, after:

# aurelia-logging

[![ZenHub](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ZenHubIO/support/master/zenhub-badge.png)](https://zenhub.io)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

This library is part of the [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/) platform and contains a minimal but effective logging mechanism with support for log levels and pluggable log appenders.

> To keep up to date on [Aurelia](http://www.aurelia.io/), please visit and subscribe to [the official blog](http://blog.durandal.io/). If you have questions, we invite you to [join us on Gitter](https://gitter.im/aurelia/discuss). If you would like to have deeper insight into our development process, please install the [ZenHub](https://zenhub.io) Chrome Extension and visit any of our repository's boards. You can get an overview of all Aurelia work by visiting [the framework board](https://github.com/aurelia/framework#boards).

## Dependencies

This library has **NO** external dependencies.

## Used By

* [aurelia-framework](https://github.com/aurelia/framework)
* [aurelia-templating](https://github.com/aurelia/templating)
* [aurelia-templating-binding](https://github.com/aurelia/templating-binding)
* [aurelia-templating-resources](https://github.com/aurelia/templating-resources)
* [aurelia-dependency-injection](https://github.com/aurelia/dependency-injection)

## Platform Support

This library can be used in the **browser** as well as on the **server**.

## Building The Code

To build the code, follow these steps.

1. Ensure that [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org/) is installed. This provides the platform on which the build tooling runs.
2. From the project folder, execute the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install
  ```
3. Ensure that [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g gulp
  ```
4. To build the code, you can now run:

  ```shell
  gulp build
  ```
5. You will find the compiled code in the `dist` folder, available in three module formats: AMD, CommonJS and ES6.

6. See `gulpfile.js` for other tasks related to generating the docs and linting.

## Running The Tests

To run the unit tests, first ensure that you have followed the steps above in order to install all dependencies and successfully build the library. Once you have done that, proceed with these additional steps:

1. Ensure that the [Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/) CLI is installed. If you need to install it, use the following command:

  ```shell
  npm install -g karma-cli
  ```
2. Ensure that [jspm](http://jspm.io/) is installed. If you need to install it, use the following commnand:

  ```shell
  npm install -g jspm
  ```
3. Download the [SystemJS](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs) module loader:

  ```shell
  jspm dl-loader
  ```

4. You can now run the tests with this command:

  ```shell
  karma start
  ```
